Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga (GBA)

Black outlines on character sprites help them stand out
	- Due to the limitations of developing for the GBA
	- Their walk animations are perfect
	- The way Mario has his arms pinned at his waist and he rotates his belly
	is genius. Adds character and is a readable walk-cycle.
	
Menu UI is integrated well. Why did they go with the suitcase theme?
Doesn't really mesh with anything else about the game.
	

The combat system works so fluidly, that everything else is a disruption to the flow state.
I understand that there is probably an argument that the exploration and conversations
create a great loop that makes everything feel fresh.
When I leave a battle, I obtain some benefits. 
Levels, gear, consumables, knowledge, etc. 
When I explore, I am looking for something to improve my build.
This isn't unique to games with turn-based combat. Action games create similar loops.
Breath of the Wild had a fluid loop of climbing, surverying, gliding as a means of exploration.
BotW's weakest part, similar to Superstar Saga, is the interruptions to it's core loop.
The story and dialogue seek to create a motivating context for player action, but
every player action is a transaction. I narcisistically demand something for every effort.
The environment must respond to the player's will, just as a toy might.
The unskippable dialogue in Genshin Impact is torture, but I played through all 130 hours of Persona 5.
In Persona 5, the dialogue scenes are synced with the player's goals. 
Social interactions in the game are transactions. You have a finite number of these transactions you can complete a day.
This creates structure for the player to realize short-term goals. 
Can you give Yusuke the right gift? Do you want to answer Ann's questions honestly, or "correctly?"

Rex is a cool enemy idea
	- Smooshed down if you jump on it before its turn
		-> Makes it easier to dodge attacks, otherwise it will be
		too tall to jump over
		


Minecart Minigame
	Why was this in the game? It only really distracts from the
	core gameplay loop. Maybe it was an asset from another
	project that got recycled for this?
	
Hammer Counterattacks:
oh shit I love the hammer.
timing is a little different from jumping, makes sense
fun to have to make snap decisions on which to use when
defending against enemies. No defensive inputs, which is
different from Paper Mario series (& Sea of Stars).

Queen Bean Boss Fight
- Love the bean attack: if you jump ONTO the bean,
you spawn an enemy, so you prioritize dodging it
	- enemy ended up being pointless since it is so easy
		to dodge
- Full clear of encounter vs boss-kill despawns enemies?
	